REQ-ID:         AP_BH003
Description:    System notifications must catch the user's attention
Type:           Usability

Rationale:      Users must not overlook important system notifications. When a notification does not catch user's attention, it might introduce confusion (when triggered too late) or it can simply be ignored.

Fit Criterion:  
    - It must prevent the user to execute further actions before the notification has been acknowledge

Originator:     A Perico

Comments:       [AP] derived from REQ-ID: #006 (BlossomHIll-Requirements.txt 8 Mar 2015).


------

Suggestion (hbraun): In my opinion, this is a description of a functional requirement. It doesn't describe a quality of the a products function, but a function itself. I would suggest to use the given information to update the REQ-ID #006 and remove this one.  

Answer (aperico) -> @hbraun: Interesting point however, I think there is room for interepretation here.
    REQ #006 says: "The system shall notify the user in case the next treatment chosen is after 2 working days".
From what I undestood, it tells that the notification shall happen, but not when. For instance, it could be every 2 hours or 1 hour before the working day ends for the receptionist. I still think we should keep this as a NFR - I am changing it slightly to make it more generic. (If you guys still think we should move to Functional, I am also fine with that)

------

comments:  (odovao) - The fit criterion does not measure the effectiveness of the requirement's goal i.e. consistently sending treatment notification to patients. My suggestion is to include a sentence of the kind to the fit criterion; 95% of the receptionist send the letter notification within 2 hours following a system alert.
		
		[TM] The fit criterion should be a way to test the requirement, it should not be a solution. You could state that the notification needs to noticed in under a set time. Preventing the user proceeding is ok. 

Answer (aperico) -> (odovao): Thanks for the suggestion - I hope I have managed to get it now. I decided to change this requirement to simply catch
generic cases instead of the letter notification only.

------
