REQ-ID:
Description:
Type:
Rationale:
Fit Criterion:
Originator:
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.


REQ-ID: 	FM_BH017
Description: 	The patient be informed of any changes in their appointment as soon as possible
Type:  		Performance, Usability
Rationale: 	To provide an appointment system that will lessen the chances of missed appointments or a mixed appointment times.
Fit Criterion: 	The patient needs to be informed of the changed appointment time within an 10 minutes of it changing. 
Originator: 	 Carol, Office Manager
Comments: 	[FM] Requirement derived from functional requirements #017 – ‘The system will be able to inform the patients if any changes has happened to their appointments’.

-- 

Suggestion (hbraun): The notification need to arrive before the patient leaves to the clinic. The actual fit criterion should consider the time it takes to get to clinic and the time it the notication takes to arrive (i.e. differences in email, phone, letter). I would suggest to change the rational and fit criterion to describe these constraints in a technology neutral way or impose a solution constraint (i.e. always phone) and derive the benchmark from that.
		
		[TM] Is 10 minutes appropriate? How can the product notify the patient? If the receptionist notifies the patient then this part of a business use case not a product use case.

		[PC] It may not be possible to always notify the client within 10 mins. It may be more appropriate that we try and contact the client within 10 mins.

        [AP] I agree that 10 minutes seems not very specific, but are we suppose to use real date here? Isn't it out of scope for this TMA ?

		[FM] I was thinking that the system would send a text/email in 10 mins unless the receptionist contacted them.

		[SS] I'm in agreemnt with PC in that the system cannot guarantee that the message will be received by the client so maybe it is better to changet the requirement to reflect that a message has been left/sent to the patient.

                [OD] I agree with PC and SS here, the system can't ensure that the notification has been received, let alone that the patient has finally been notified, however a percentage can be set to measure that notifications are being sent within 10 minutes after a schedule change. 
